Nicer docker compose & co for fast dev environment startup (#31976)
PrestaShop/PrestaShop: README.md

MySQL credentials can also be found and modified in this file if needed.

**Note:**  Before auto-installing PrestaShop, this container checks the file *config/settings.inc.php* does not exist on startup.
If you expect the container to (re)install your shop, remove this file if it exists. And make sure the container user `www-data`
has write access to the whole workspace.

> To fully reset your repo and get a frest start run (CAREFUL: this removes all your extra files):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To fully reset your repo and get a fresh start, run (be careful: this removes all your extra files):
```

```

> # clean everything not in repo (node_modules etc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# clean everything that is not part of the original repository (node_modules, etc.)
```
